Doctor Ye, you are here at the right time
He's the one who impersonated your name
Like the name of a genius doctor
unscrupulous
Doctor Ye, you actually beat me for a veterinary clinic
beast
I don't care what status your Jiang family has in Yunzhou
How much power?
But I will never allow it.
You insulted my savior
Farewell in a hurry tomorrow
Mr. Ye is here to thank Mr. Ye for saving his life
Hi, get up.
How is this possible?
Grandpa, he is really a fairy
Where did he get the two brushes?
Night God Doctor
Please see my father first
After taking the magic medicine you gave father and son
Coma invasion
How is this possible?
This medicine is a gift from Mr. Ye
It's the magic medicine
I see
It's good to borrow a knife to kill
You wait for the chicken wings of the Liu family
Do not hesitate to collude at all costs to murder Liu's hometown master
What do you mean?
Do you not understand?
Haha, grass is killing people
He killed Mr. Liu with his own hands